libpsio: modernize config.h constants + add round-trip test (#3429) (#3430)
psi4/psi4: psi4/src/psi4/libpsio/test/CMakeLists.txt

Reviewer: Are you sure this ctest actually runs? IIRC this is not how ctests are usually registered in Psi4.

Author: You're right, it does not run. Thanks for catching it.

Two independent reasons, either one sufficient:

1. `psi4-core` is configured as a separate `ExternalProject` with its own binary directory, and that project never calls `enable_testing()` (it lives only in `cmake/ConfigTesting.cmake`, included from the top-level `CMakeLists.txt`). So an `add_test()` in this scope generates no `CTestTestfile.cmake` at all.
2. CI invokes `ctest` from the superbuild directory — `ecosystem.yml` uses `working-directory: ./objdir`, Azure uses `workingDirectory: $(Build.BinariesDirectory)/build` — which cannot descend into the core build tree regardless.

Confirmed on my checkout: `ctest -N -R psio_roundtrip` from either directory reported `Total Tests: 0`, while `psio_roundtrip_test.x` sat built in the core build tree. Same defect in the libiwl test in #3426.

Fixed by moving registration into the superbuild, `tests/libpsio/`, resolving the ExternalProject's `BINARY_DIR`. Now:

```
$ ctest -N -R roundtrip
  Test #538: libpsio-roundtrip
$ ctest -R libpsio-roundtrip
100% tests passed, 0 tests failed out of 1
```

and, since a test that has never been observed to fail isn't worth much, with the binary moved aside:

```
$ ctest -R libpsio-roundtrip
538 - libpsio-roundtrip (Not Run)
```

Description rewritten onto the template as well.

One open question, in the PR body too: #3426 adds `add_subdirectory(libiwl)` at the same spot in `tests/CMakeLists.txt`, so whichever lands second gets a one-line conflict. If you'd rather have a single entry point for C++ unit tests, I'm happy to add an `add_core_unit_test()` macro to `cmake/TestingMacros.cmake` instead.

Author: Correction to my reply above, and to the PR body: I said the Windows link failure came from the unity build coalescing each static archive into one object. **That was wrong, and I hadn't checked it.**

Linux is unity-built too (`libpsi4util.a` is a single `unity_0_cxx.cxx.o`), and `nm -C --undefined-only` on it shows no reference to any of the symbols in question. So unity isn't the discriminator. PCH isn't either — `psi4_ENABLE_PRECOMPILE_HEADERS` defaults to `OFF` (`CMakeLists.txt:212`) and `azure-pipelines-windows.yml` never sets it, yet that lane failed identically.

lld-link's `>>> referenced by` lines, which I should have read the first time, give the actual cause: clang-cl emits inline and implicit functions that GCC discards as unused, so the Windows objects carry undefined references to out-of-line definitions the curated link line doesn't provide.

```
undefined symbol: psi::DPDMOSpace::~DPDMOSpace(void)
>>> referenced by psio.lib(unity_0_cxx.cxx.obj):(std::vector<psi::DPDMOSpace, ...>::_Assign_...)

undefined symbol: psi::Molecule::Molecule(class psi::Molecule const &)
>>> referenced by psi4util.lib(unity_0_cxx.cxx.obj):(public: class psi::Molecule __cdecl psi::Molecule::clone(void))

undefined symbol: psi::ExternalPotential::print(...)
>>> referenced by psi4util.lib(unity_0_cxx.cxx.obj):(public: void __cdecl psi::ExternalPotential::py_print(void) const)
```

`Molecule::clone()` is inline at `molecule.h:200`, `py_print()` at `extern.h:131`, and `std::vector<DPDMOSpace>` is a member of the real `DPD` in `dpd.h:327`, reached because `close.cc` includes `dpd.h`.

The fourth undefined symbol was **our own bug**, not a toolchain quirk — see the Copilot thread. Comments and commit messages corrected in the latest push.

# Standalone round-trip exerciser for libpsio. Links the libpsio/libpsi4util/
# liboptions/libciomr static archives plus a tiny stubs TU (test/stubs.cc) for
# the runtime globals normally provided by core.cc, so the test is
# self-contained (no python, no libdpd).
#
# Only the executable is defined here. See ctest registration in `tests/libpsio/`
# (an add_test() in this scope would not register at all: psi4-core is a separate
# ExternalProject that never calls enable_testing()).
add_executable(psio_roundtrip_test.x psio_roundtrip_test.cc stubs.cc)
target_link_libraries(psio_roundtrip_test.x PRIVATE psio psi4util options ciomr)
target_include_directories(psio_roundtrip_test.x PRIVATE
    ${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/src
    ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/src

> )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is probably not required.

Author: Removed in 3b48752 — you were right, both lines are redundant. The top-level `include_directories(src)` and `include_directories(include)` (psi4/CMakeLists.txt) already propagate to this subdirectory, and nothing is generated into the binary `src` tree, so `${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/src` adds nothing either. I confirmed both test TUs compile with only the global include dirs.

# Standalone round-trip exerciser for libpsio. Links the libpsio/libpsi4util/
# liboptions/libciomr static archives plus a tiny stubs TU (test/stubs.cc) for
# the runtime globals normally provided by core.cc, so the test is
# self-contained (no python, no libdpd).
#
# Only the executable is defined here. psi4-core is configured as a separate
# ExternalProject with its own binary dir and never calls enable_testing(), so
# an add_test() in this scope would generate no CTestTestfile.cmake and would
# be invisible to the `ctest` that CI runs from the superbuild directory.

> # Registration therefore lives in the superbuild, in tests/libpsio/.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Only the executable is defined here. See ctest registration in `tests/libpsio/`
```
if you like
